METROLOGY SOFTWARE — APPLICATION HOMEPAGE

FILES
index.html: complete, self-contained homepage. Open it in a browser to preview.
preview-desktop.png and preview-mobile.png: screenshots of this version.
No installation, framework, CDN, API keys, external fonts, or build is required.

DESIGN AND BRAND SOURCE
Aligned with bbaker5150/Metrology-Workbench at commit:
886edcf048fc07b6305027ce75c7e366781e1f2b
https://github.com/bbaker5150/Metrology-Workbench

The original medallion is embedded unchanged from:
Frontend/workbench/src/assets/emblem-preview.webp
The same file is included separately as emblem-preview.webp for future reuse.
The homepage needs only index.html; there are no external image requests.
This uses the actual static medallion render, not the animated 3D model.

Colors, typography, rounded panels, and the slim header follow:
Frontend/workbench/src/app/HomeLauncher.css
Frontend/workbench/src/app/workbench.css
Frontend/workbench/src/modules/uncertainty/App.css

A light/dark control appears in the top bar. It reads the same localStorage
"theme" key as Workbench, so the preference can be shared when both apps run
on the same browser origin with storage access. Otherwise it defaults to dark.
Without storage access, theme switching and favorites still work for the visit.
Reduced-motion preferences disable the short emblem entrance animation.
preview-light.png shows the light theme; preview-desktop.png and
preview-mobile.png show the dark theme.
The reference repository was read only; no GitHub files were modified.

CURRENT APPLICATIONS
Modernization Tracker
Track modernization projects, tasks, milestones, and progress.
https://flankspeed.sharepoint-mil.us/sites/metsoft/SitePages/Modernization-Tracker.aspx

Uncertalytics
Build measurement uncertainty budgets and assess calibration decision risk.
https://flankspeed.sharepoint-mil.us/sites/metsoft/SitePages/Uncertalytics.aspx

Both app cards are native links that open in a new tab. Click anywhere on a
card to launch it, or focus its title and press Enter. Right-click and middle-
click work like normal links. Favorite stars are separate buttons and do not
launch the apps. The supplied app URLs are configured exactly. All previous
sample apps have been removed. No private SharePoint data was fetched and no
changes were made to your SharePoint site. Access to the target application
continues to be controlled by SharePoint and your organization's sign-in policy.

CUSTOMIZATION
The APPS array near the bottom of index.html contains your app directory.
To add a future app, add an object with a unique stable id, name, description,
initials, and a trusted full HTTPS url. The app count updates automatically.
Brand text, page title, favicon and colors are in the HTML and CSS near the top.
CSS variables in :root and :root[data-theme="light"] define both palettes.
The homepage name is Metrology Software. Only the theme control appears in the
top bar; the main emblem remains. Application cards use the shared slate surface, border, and text colors in
both themes. The separate Open application buttons and card footer labels/icons have been removed.

USE WITH MODERN SHAREPOINT
Modern SharePoint Text and Embed web parts do not execute arbitrary pasted HTML
and JavaScript. Uploading this file to Site Assets alone does not reliably make
it a runnable homepage; it may download or be blocked by tenant policy.

Option A — approved HTTPS hosting and Embed web part:
Host index.html on an organization-approved HTTPS host. Add the Embed web part
to your SharePoint page and use an iframe pointing to the hosted page:

<iframe src="https://YOUR-APP-HOST/index.html" width="100%" height="1150"
        title="Metrology Software application hub" style="border:0"></iframe>

Replace the URL and adjust height to suit the SharePoint page. SharePoint must
allow that host under HTML Field Security. The host must allow embedding from
your tenant using its Content-Security-Policy frame-ancestors policy and must
not send an X-Frame-Options policy that blocks embedding. Cross-domain hosting
and authentication may require further configuration. Use hosting permitted
by your organization's policies; availability depends on tenant restrictions.
Publish the page and select Make homepage in Site Pages, if your permissions
and site configuration allow it. The iframe URL is for this homepage; the
Modernization Tracker URL remains the launch link inside the homepage.

Option B — native SharePoint Framework (SPFx) web part:
Have a SharePoint developer adapt this HTML into an SPFx client-side web part.
Scope CSS and selectors to the web part root, move behavior into its lifecycle,
clean up event listeners on disposal, and expose branding and the app directory
as properties or a SharePoint List. Package and deploy through your approved
App Catalog, add to a modern page, publish, and make it the homepage.
This deliverable is standalone HTML, not a packaged SPFx solution.

BEHAVIOR
Search matches app names and descriptions. Ctrl+K / Cmd+K focuses search.
Escape clears focused search. Stars toggle Favorites.
Favorites and Recent store only app IDs in this browser's localStorage and do
not sync between devices. If storage is blocked, state lasts for this visit.
Recent records launch-link clicks; it does not assert that the destination
loaded successfully. The homepage does not grant app permissions.
Both app links are also available when JavaScript is disabled.

VALIDATION
Chromium checks covered both exact app URLs, whole-card pointer and keyboard
navigation, favorite controls that do not launch apps, two-app directory, search and empty
states, favorites and persistence, recent launch tracking, keyboard search shortcuts,
responsive widths 320 through 1920, both themes and saved theme preferences,
exact emblem bytes and image loading, reduced motion, blocked browser storage,
and no JavaScript errors. Target application
availability, SharePoint embedding, and tenant access were not tested.
